Add certificates as an information gathering technique to find vhosts (#709)
OWASP/wstg: document/4-Web_Application_Security_Testing/01-Information_Gathering/04-Enumerate_Applications_on_Webserver.md

- [Domain Tools Reverse IP](https://www.domaintools.com/reverse-ip/) (requires free membership)
- [DNSstuff](https://www.dnsstuff.com/) (multiple services available)
- [Net Square](https://web.archive.org/web/20190515092354/http://www.net-square.com/mspawn.html) (multiple queries on domains and IP addresses, requires installation)

#### Googling

Following information gathering from the previous techniques, testers can rely on search engines to possibly refine and increment their analysis. This may yield evidence of additional symbolic names belonging to the target, or applications accessible via non-obvious URLs.

For instance, considering the previous example regarding `www.owasp.org`, the tester could query Google and other search engines looking for information (hence, DNS names) related to the newly discovered domains of `webgoat.org`, `webscarab.com`, and `webscarab.net`.

Googling techniques are explained in [Testing: Spiders, Robots, and Crawlers](01-Conduct_Search_Engine_Discovery_Reconnaissance_for_Information_Leakage.md).

#### Digital Certificates

> If the server accepts connections over HTTPS, then the Common Name (CN) and Subject Alternate Name (SAN) on the certificate may contain one or most hostnames. However, if the webserver does not have a trusted certificate, or wildcards are in use, this may not return the valid information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the server accepts connections over HTTPS, then the Common Name (CN) and Subject Alternate Name (SAN) on the certificate may contain one or more hostnames. However, if the webserver does not have a trusted certificate, or wildcards are in use, this may not return any valid information.
```

Googling techniques are explained in [Testing: Spiders, Robots, and Crawlers](01-Conduct_Search_Engine_Discovery_Reconnaissance_for_Information_Leakage.md).

#### Digital Certificates

> If the server accepts connections over HTTPS, then the Command Name (CN) and Subject Alternate Name (SAN) on the certificate may contain one or most hostnames. However, if the webserver does not have a trusted certificate, or wildcards are in use, this may not return the valid information.

Reviewer 2: Typo, I believe this should Common instead of Command

Author: Good spot - fixed.
